1.Elaborate what your internship or academic projects were?

During my tenure as an Application Development Analyst at Cargill Foods and Manufacturing, 
I have been an integral part of the digital transformation of their manufacturing processes.
Our team has been working diligently to streamline and enhance manufacturing operations through the implementation of 
the Manufacturing Execution System (MES) called Savigent.
 
My role has allowed me to gain valuable expertise in a diverse set of technologies, including React, JavaScript, SQL,
and Python. Through my work on various projects, 
I have honed my skills in building interactive and user-friendly web applications using React and JavaScript.
Additionally, I have become proficient in working with databases, writing complex SQL queries, and optimizing database 
performance.
One of the highlights of my experience was being part of a pivotal milestone for the company, 
where we successfully delivered the MES implementation for a manufacturing plant in Germany. 
As part of an Agile development team, I collaborated closely with cross-functional teams, 
ensuring seamless communication and effective project management. This experience reinforced my ability to work
collaboratively in a fast-paced and dynamic environment, making me adept at adapting to changing requirements and
delivering high-quality results under tight deadlines.

2.What did the system do? What other systems have you seen in the wild like that?
MES (Manufacturing Execution System) is a software-based system that plays a crucial role in managing and optimizing
the manufacturing process within an industrial environment.
It acts as a bridge between the higher-level enterprise resource planning (ERP) system and the shop floor,
facilitating real-time data collection, analysis, and control of production operations.

MES captures real-time data from various sources, such as
machines, sensors, and operators, to monitor the status of production operations and gather valuable 
process data.

Examples - Siemens SIMATIC IT MES, Savigent, Rockwell Automation FactoryTalk ProductionCentre.

3.How do you approach the development problem?

Understand the Requirements: Before starting any development work, I ensure a clear understanding of the project
requirements. I communicate 
with my technical lead, and business analyst to clarify the expectations.

Design and Plan: Once I have a clear understanding of the requirements,
I prepare notes and prepare how I am going to approach the problem.I divide the development tasks into smaller
manageable components.


Write Clean  Code: I write clean, maintainable, and modular code following best coding practices.

Test: I perform testing of the front-end, including functional testing, cross-browser testing.
I  identify and fix bugs or issues as early as possible in the development process.

What were interesting aspects where you copied code from Stack Overflow?What did you learn from some very specific
 copy paste? Mention explicitly
some of them.

I recently encountered a problem where I needed to validate a string to ensure that it contains exactly 8 digits, is 
alphanumeric,
and starts with two letters followed by a digit. I decided to seek assistance on Stack Overflow to find a suitable regular expression 
pattern that meets these criteria.

 function isValidString(input) {
  const regexPattern = /^[A-Za-z]{2}\d[A-Za-z0-9]{5}$/;
  return regexPattern.test(input);
}


